no pain listen all know me well
so I will say it right as I can
if our destiny is to die it is the way it is
it will be but I conjure you since we
destined to accept death from these bastards
sell your life more expensive
Hello dear friends and lovers
world of tanks today I want to show you
video continued
how to behave at turbo plums like i
mentioned in the past video on this
themes that your rivals felt
their superiority will trample on you crowd
and here it is necessary to take a moment and
shoot the vehicles moving on you
which while driving has less
accuracy and most importantly you must stay
longer in service and at the same time take
the trunks of this video is very bright
This situation is described for this
the moment we play on the monastery map and with
weighing six we are heading for 1 shooting gallery 2
Lines by the way from 6 will play very much
a key role in this fight he is very me
will help but in principle not only me but
our team that we will accelerate a little bit
our video I play on premium tanchiki
t-34 but also my main assistant plays on
Premium All sixth I ask
draw your attention to what we are
we are not in the top we have and 9 in
the level is lit up here now
second and please note that
while I drove to interesting points where I
I can ask to hide my
upper and lower armor for sticking
May 14 already 03
not in our favor we have merged t-44
medium tank of the eighth level black
prince and t71 in principle, these players could
render of course much more benefit
than to merge yes there immediately at the beginning of the battle
well then we continue to keep
direction
rivals are not moving on us
here, too, I shoot back
I decided to charge high-explosive shells so
still very difficult for me
punch turret tegra 2
trophim there to aim after all he
it is not close I would say
distance from t34 are famous for their
anti precision here we get ricochet
account already 14 he continues to be not in
our favor here is wonderful turned
to me the side of the tower and I forgot that I have
land mines and of course I do not have a fulda mage
a judge would be more pleasant for 400 damage
what is tiger 2 a little scared
rolls back and here we see that
us beacons indicate that we
broke through the flank and go to our base
about 35 you are not in our favor so what
Well, we continue to help our
Ally closer to our base here from 6
since he was naturally behind me
turned around and he was already ahead of me
we continue to move us all the same
need to somehow win damage
pick up the trunks after all we want
Of course to win the score 37 is not in ours
favor, that is, an ordinary player will say everything
This sink will give up but you don't need it
do you need to fight to the end here from 6
vox learns writes but iraq i.e. he
unhappy of course with our position in
the moment but still hope
dies last as they say
but given that the bill is already 38 hopes
it remains only how to say the horns yes
legs well we are in a position
we take out only our turret and we will
aiming our enemies here is just a file
I forget that I still have
high-explosive projectile su-100 59 damage but
thank god of 6
gets sacrifice all of 3
they still 6 chooses a sacrifice by
which I shot all 59
we keep pulling this out
the position that ours have spoiled
allies with their turbo merge and so all
also 69 my allies are shooting back
take enemies too i'm trying a
wait until it appears
This is a Chinese miracle without waiting to see
that costs us flank it's posh
pretty interesting his armor
oblique aim a shot
pick up in the hangar account then look 89
how quickly all the same we fixed
the position after the fact that our enemies
drove us crowd and basically here
they lost all their flags all 99 too
we compared position but panic not
continues let's say leave us still
E75 remains good damage for t-34
3 continues to help him and here two
Tanchika I hide their vulnerabilities and
I wait for that moment when all the same
they will appear rivals but already in my
sight well i look that behind me from
6 which seems so bad help
he shoots so good
pick up 34-ku
send it to the hangar all 1210 already in
our favor to pay attention what account
still was 93 already 1210 wonderful
just pulled the allies fight
here we take still have 75 well
go to the hangar but our mission
done
done on this score 13:11
out of 6 goes for another frag
which let's say is more dangerous than
March in this position, he basically
shot for him well, there 's fifty more
four points it surrounds that is here
everything is already clear yes all the team
lost rivals although they had
simply
wonderful unique opportunity
win but they did not take advantage
and lost all the mistake was that
these enemies flooded us mob we
stood still naturally they are with us
were in sight and got in their
punishment they all went to the hangar well
well we won thank you for
view and never despair and
see the fight to the end all bye